Updated introduction (#103)
tlswg/tls-key-update: draft-ietf-tls-extended-key-update.md

rather than key derivation.

This specification defines a TLS extension that introduces an extended key update
mechanism for sessions established with traditional (EC)DHE, hybrid
PQ/T hybrid key exchange, or post-quantum KEM exchange. Unlike the
standard key update, this mechanism allows peers to inject fresh key exchange
input from the negotiated mechanism into an active session. By periodically
rerunning the negotiated key exchange, this extension enables the derivation of

> new traffic keys that are independent of prior key material. As noted in

Author: ```suggestion
new traffic keys that are independent of main secrets from prior epochs. As noted in
```

> new traffic keys that are independent of prior key material. As noted in

Reviewer: I would propose to replace the part: 
"this extension enables the derivation of new traffic keys that are independent of prior key material."
with 
"this extension enables the derivation of new traffic keys that are independent of main secrets from prior epochs."
or "this extension enables the derivation of new traffic keys that are independent of key material from prior epochs."

Just to underline that EKU enables the establishment of a new main secret.
